one of the things I can really guarantee you is if you go in the service
and learn from your experience there I mean keep your mind open to
what what does this teach me about maybe about other people about
working with people about what I can do what I can't do you know whether
my limits of what limits today I think I had that I really didn't
have I think you come out of the service much better off I certainly
feel like I've learned that %HESITATION from my experience in the
service %HESITATION you you learn things that you just cannot imagine
you're going to you're being able to do before you got into the
service and you learn eight you gotta get over personal differences
you gotta get over %HESITATION just you know take it and %HESITATION
hold a grudge against somebody for instance you don't have time for
that you're too busy doing your job to do that which got to do is take
care of each other %HESITATION the one on each other never let your
team down if you can possibly do it and I think that just comes
across very well is certainly has for me later on as well as the community
tends to recognize here's a guy who did well the service he's
got something to offer